Create tcpick.md (#10779)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/tcpick.md

# tcpick

> > A Linux command-line tool for packet sniffing and network traffic analysis.
> > It can capture and display TCP connections and data. It can also monitor network traffic on a specific interface, host, or port.
> > More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/8/tcpick>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Packet sniffing and network traffic analysis tool.
> It can capture and display TCP connections and data. It can also monitor network traffic on a specific interface, host, or port.
> More information: <https://manned.org/tcpick.8>.
```
Regarding the page description, we prefer not to mention the platform/CLI tool as it might seem redundant and as for the more information link we fall back to manned when there isn't an official documentation (manpage).

> > It is a command-line tool in Linux used for packet sniffing and network traffic analysis.
> > It allows you to capture and display TCP connections and their data. You can use it to monitor network traffic on a specific interface or capture traffic to and from a particular host or port.

Reviewer 2: For shortening the sentence. Feel free to discuss if I delete something important.
```suggestion
> A Linux command-line tool for packet sniffing and network traffic analysis.
> It can capture and display TCP connections and data. It can also monitor network traffic on a specific interface, host, or port.
```

Author: @blueskyson Done

> - Basic usage:
> 
> `tcpick -i {{interface}} -C -h {{host}} -p {{port}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Capture traffic on a specific [i]nterface, port and host::

`tcpick -i {{interface}} -C -h {{host}} -p {{port}}`
```

I think this would be better.

We prefer long options in tldr and we can use mnemonics `[]` to highlight long options whenever applicable.

> `tcpick -i {{interface}} -C -h {{host}} -p {{port}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sudo tcpick -i {{interface}} -C -h {{host}} -p {{port}}`
```
Can we add `sudo` to the general example too, or is it unnecessary?

Author: Yes it can be added. It makes sense @kbdharun let me push those changes as well.

> `tcpick -i {interface} -C -h {{host}} -p {{port}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`tcpick -i {{interface}} -C -h {{host}} -p {{port}}`
```

Author: @blueskyson Done

- Advanced Options:

> `man tcpick`

Reviewer 2: We normally don't use the man page command as an example. You can replace it with something like `tcpick --help` and change the description "Advanced Option" to "Show help".

Author: @blueskyson Changes are done.

> - Show help:
> 
> `tcpick --help`
> 
> - Capture traffic on port 80 (HTTP) of a specific host:
> 
> `sudo tcpick -i {{eth0}} -C -h {{192.168.1.100}} -p {{80}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Capture traffic on port 80 (HTTP) of a specific host:

`sudo tcpick -i {{eth0}} -C -h {{192.168.1.100}} -p {{80}}`

- Display help:

`tcpick --help`
```

We generally place the help command at the last part of the page. (`Show help` is fine too, but for uniformity, I would suggest going with `Display help` as we use this generic text across our pages)

> - Example to capture traffic on port 80 (HTTP) from a specific host:
> 
> `sudo tcpick -i eth0 -C -h 192.168.1.100 -p 80`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Capture traffic on port 80 (HTTP) of a specific host:

`sudo tcpick -i {{eth0}} -C -h {{192.168.1.100}} -p {{80}}`
```
